---
title: Who Is Me?
date: 2021-08-16 14:54:00 +00
categories: [Whois, Patrick]
tags: [patrick, thoughts, about]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

> Born into a world of uncertainties and
> unpredictable characters but determined
> to write my own script.

I am a young, passionate individual who has always been involved with initiatives that seek to upskill people from all walks of life with the ability to use technology to better themselves in the way that they live and work.

I have spoken at several tech conferences and had the opportunity to interact with [creative minds](https://youtube.com/channel/UCsAjtT-RYQRtMngsTGLxS2Q) in the tech industry to share their knowledge to impact the tech ecosystem.

    Here are my thoughts on a few crucial things in life

### Relationships

I am a strong advocate and believer in building your network and relationships that will help you in your career growth.
Keep investing in your skills and relationships because those will save you. And start putting them together in a way that makes your career doable for you. You can always create your path in your life if you keep in the work.

People keep in touch with me all the time saying, "All things considered, I realize I need to build connections, yet I don't have time. I have relatively little cash. I don't realize anyone to introduce." And I'm generally giving similar response, you needn't bother with that stuff. Simply be insightful. 

Start where you are, look around, be of service any place you go. The cash, the connections, those will follow. Being liberal with your time, your talent, your attention, that is in a real sense free. The best gift you could leave your generation isn't cash or properties; the connections you build around them. That is the means by which I need to be, just an amazing case study in the best kind of relationship building. So I will bring that with me into my career and relationship building. I trust you all do as well. 

### Life

You can be a victim of circumstance, but you don't have to remain a victim of that circumstance forever. You can transcend your circumstances. I don't give a f*ck; I don't care what your race is, I don't care what your gender is, I don't care what your sexuality is. You can transcend your circumstances if you want to. The moment you think you can't is the moment you won't.

### Legacy

Maybe my greatest legacy will be that I made you realize the truth, the talent you wield, the potential you have and the great impact you can make in this world. Maybe that is all and probably by then I might be fast gone within realms but hoping you might have been able to know the truth and touch the world with a spark of your light.
