---
layout: post
title:  "Hey! where Are You Going?"
author: patrick
categories: [Test]
image: assets/images/where.jpg
beforetoc: "One for all and all for one, a shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist..."
toc: false
---

Howdy where ya goin’, not exactly knowin’, who says you have to call just one place home. He’s goin’ everywhere and his best friend Me. He just keeps on movin’, ladies keep improvin’, every day is better than the last. New dreams and better scenes, and best of all I don’t pay property tax. Places new and ladies, too, I’m here and just there, this is my best year.

Night Owl, a shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. A young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the passionate, the ones who have a desire to be their best self.

One for all and all for one, creatives consistently prepared. One for all and all for one, helping everybody. One for all and all for one, it’s a pretty story. Sharing everything with fun, that’s the way to be. One for all and all for one, engineers are always ready. One for all and all for one, helping everybody. One for all and all for one, can sound pretty corny. If you’ve got a problem chum, think how it could be.

365 days around the world, we’ll find a pot of gold just sitting where the rainbow’s ending. Time — we’ll fight against the time, and we’ll fly on the white wings of the wind. 365 days around the world, no we won’t say a word before the ship is really back. Round, round, all around the world. Round, all around the world. Round, all around the world. Round, all around the world.

Children of the sun, see your time has just begun, searching for your ways, through adventures every day. Every day and night, with the condor in flight, with all your friends in tow, you search for the Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… wishing for The Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… some day we will find The Cities of Gold. Do-do-do-do ah-ah-ah, do-do-do-do, Cities of Gold. Do-do-do-do, Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… some day we will find The Cities of Gold.
