Yeah, definitely. I always refer to networking is the insurance policy that money could never buy. Because when you're up on top, like right now, I'm sure you have people calling you like, "Hey Chase, dude, get me on your show. Let me do a CreativeLive course, man." "Where were you before I had CreativeLive and I wanted to use your loft? Like you were busy, bro." You know, there's a lot of that. You got to dig the well before you get thirsty. I think that's a book title by this guy, but I want to say like Harvey Mackay. He's some sort of self-helpy type dude from the '90s. Dig the well before you get thirsty and I say that a lot because you can't really make relationships when you need them. It's very difficult to do that. 

You know, when somebody reaches out to you after eight years and you haven't talked to them and you went to college with them or something like that, if they pop up, you're like, "Hmmm, is it going to be Herbalife or Scientology? Like, what are you trying to sell me? What are you trying to get me into? I don't know. I'm a little bit suspicious. What's going on here?" But if you reach out to somebody and they're suspicious of you and you say, "Hey, you know, I've just done a bad job of keeping my network and my relationships. And you were always a really smart dude and I kind of want to keep that going. And I kind of want to get back in touch." I might still be suspicious. But I'll talk to you for a second. And then you pop back up in three months, six months. Check in again, tell me what's going on with you. I'll tell you a little bit about what's going on with me. All right. I'm less suspicious than, you know, a year later you popped back in, "Hey, I noticed you did this show. I listened to this and here's what I'm doing. And it's kind of interesting. Here's a picture of my kid.

Cool. I'm not suspicious anymore. Then, you know, we do that for a while." And then in two years you come back and you go, "Hey, so the last six months I've been doing this graphic design thing. And I was wondering if you knew anybody that needed graphic design work." Now I'm not like, "Aha, you've been buttering me up for 18 months to ask me for a favor. That's ridiculous." Now I'm going to go, "Oh yeah. You know, let me see what your portfolio looks like. And let me see if anybody asks me for this type of stuff. And I'm happy to refer you." 

If you do that at scale. You're generating trust. You're re-engaging your relationships. So the drills and exercises that I recommend, I have like a free course on this and I'll give away like it's free. So the whole thing is giving away. 

Make a list of those people. You lost a relationship with them. You haven't kept in touch. They're your weak and dormant ties, right? Or at least your dormant ties in your network. Reach out to them before you need something because they're going to go, "Huh? Herbalife for Scientology, right? But then you're just kicking the rust off. You're creating that relationship again. You're literally admitting, "Hey, you know, I moved and I never really reached back out to you. That was a mistake. I hope you're still running that successful restaurant. I'd love an update. Here's what I'm doing. Here's a picture of my kid. I don't really want anything other than to rekindle this because you're a super smart person and I want more people like that in my orbit." Do that. You will be pleasantly surprised at how many people reach back out and go, "Hey, I wondered what happened to you. I was just telling my wife the other day that we wondered what you were doing and if you'd never gotten married and had a kid." You know, that kind of thing, re-engage those weakened dormant ties. That'll sort of teach you that p

And the other thing that I always do is I reach out to the — I open my phone up every day around 10:00 a.m. Pacific. I open up the text messaging app. I scroll all the way to the bottom. And that's where, like where your ex-girlfriends are, you can skip those, or your ex-boyfriends, whatever, skip those people, but then you can — or not, you know, whatever, but those are where those like really weak, really dormant ties are, right? It's like the guy who works for CreativeLive, who I went to lunch with that one day after I filmed my course. I didn't really keep in touch with him. You know, I'm going to see what that guy's doing. Where does that guy now? Oh, he moved to Colorado. He's got a dog and he's a dog trainer and is part-time, but he still works at CreativeLive remotely. Cool. Let's catch up with them. Let's catch up with this other person who I had lunch with once after a conference in San Diego. I call this Connect 4 because I do it with four people a day.

Maybe half of them don't reply or one's like new phone, "Who this?" And it's not even the same person's phone anymore. You can delete them. But two or three out of the four people were replying to go like, "Oh my God, it's been forever. I haven't heard from you in ages. What's going on? I'm selling bikes over in Utah. I decided that to hell with law. Tell me what you're up to," right? You're re-engaging those people as well. And if you do that every day, five days a week, let's say five days a week, you're doing four people a day. That's 20 people a week, 80 people a month that you are re-engaging, let's say you have a 50 percent response rate just for the sake of math. That'll probably be higher. That's really a lot of people that you are now top of mind for them. And they are top of mind for you. 

So you know that this person just started a law practice and could use some immigration law clients. They know that you're running a graphic design workshop, so they know to think of you. And I will tell you every single day or close to it and opportunity from my phone and from doing this pops up. You know, someone will go, "Hey Jordan, good talking with you," two, three months ago via text for 30 seconds. Right? They don't turn into lunches and coffees. Don't worry about that. You should be so lucky. Somebody will go, "Hey, I'm going into a meeting right now," Zoom meeting these days, "And we're picking our annual speaker for our sales meeting. Do you do keynote speaking?" "Yeah, I do. Here's my fee. Let me know if you can work with that." You get a speaking gig. Or they go, "Do you know anybody that does really good web design?" And I go, "Yeah, I do the guy who did my site. He's great. Let me throw him a referral." Now that guy's thrilled with me and you're thrilled with me, I've built some social capital, some referral currency because I texted people at the bottom of my phone time. I would normally be wasting on freaking TikTok, social media, Instagram, you know, scrolling through cat photos.

You don't have to spend eight grand to go to fancy events, to network and mingle. You can just use your existing connections and slowly build over time. You're far more likely to go to the gym for 20 minutes a day, four or five days a week, than you are to go to the gym once every other month and have fitness results come out of that, right? It's all about that consistency. If you don't have time to work out, go for a walk everyday, walk a mile, you're going to have better results than trying to run a 10K every 90 days. 

And I always say, ABG, always be giving, always help others, always be generous, whatever you want to say, but you don't know what opportunities are over the horizon. You can't know who's going to be able to help you and who you're going to be able to help to generate referral currencies. So you should stop trying to figure out what's in it for you and just be as generous as you can afford to be with as many people as you can afford to be generous with. Because those opportunities that are over the horizon by definition, you don't know where they are or that they are out there. So if you continually help other people get what they want. You're continually on the lookout. You're doing that ABG thing, those people will start to come back. Even if only one in a hundred people can help you back, that's fine because this is very scalable, right? You could do it a hundred times a week, a hundred times a month. All you need is one or two people out of that hundred to help you back and you've built a great life and a great career for yourself

